---
description: Version 2.3.1 was released on 31st October 2021.
---

# v2.3.1

#### UndeadPandemic v2.3.1

1. Weapon '`clip-size`' has been moved from the ammo section to weapons. This will allow server admins to give custom weapons their own clip-size, instead of relying on ammo settings.
2. '`custom_model_data`' has been added to ammo types to allow texture customisation of individual ammo types. This was previously hardcoded.
3. Fixed NullPointerException error when executing the root `/undeadpandemic` command. Executing this command will instead display the help info.
4. Fixed IndexOutOfBounds exception triggered by a missing quantity parameter in the `/undeadpandemic give` command.
5. Tildes (\~) used in the `/undeadpandemic keycard` command will be converted to the player's current X,Y,Z position as indicated. Players will also be able to specify relative co-ordinates using tildes and the addition and subtraction keys, for example, if the player is at co-ordinates `100 70 200` and specifies `~-10 ~ ~+20`, the keycard co-ordinates will be converted to `90 70 -220`.
6. Zombies will now have a chance of being attracted to gun fire, instead of being attracted every time. For server owners, this will reduce any lag that is experienced, and for everyone else, this will make the gameplay more 'realistic'.
7. Added new command: `/undeadpandemic info`. This is a basic command which provides info about the plugin, including author, contributors, and version.
8. Updated Zombie Guts feature to work more reliably.
9. Players will be able to set a limited use value on key cards. This will allow players to set a key card to be used once, or up to as many times as desired, or this value can be set to unlimited. The number of uses left is displayed in the name of the key card.
10. A new config option for openable doors has been added to the key cards configuration section. You will now be able to specify what doors can and cannot be opened by key cards.
11. Added `damage_players` config option for weapons. When set to false, player will not receive damage from gun fire.
12. Added a config option to allow server ops to control the volume of gun fire.
13. Fixed a bug which still prevented XP drops even when `drop_exp` is set to `true`.
14. SafeZones command results are now printed in a more user friendly way.
15. Using key cards will no longer tell you if the player is using the card on the wrong door. The door simply won't open.
16. Added `/safezone help` command, which will display command hints for standard players. Admin/Mod commands are not included.
17. The `give firstaid kit` command will now place all first aid items into a chest, which is then given to the player.
18. The first aid kit can be customised in the config.yml file.
