---
description: 2.5.0-76
---

# v2.5.0

### _**== Zombies 2.0 Update ==**_

**Please consider this a Zombies&#x20;**_**BETA**_**&#x20;version**.

This update has improved zombie mechanics making zombies more intelligent. You are now able to create custom zombies (as manuy as you'd like) with custom attributes, which include changing a zombies' speed, strength, health, and level of intelligence (i.e. stupid and not stupid zombies).

{% hint style="danger" %}
**config.yml has had significant updates!** [**We recommend using the default config.yml file found here**](../../configuration/legacy-config.yml/)**.**
{% endhint %}

#### Other Updates

A minor update to the update messaging system was made to remove an erroneous update message.

A minor update was added to the config.yml to set a update checker duration. The plugin will check for updates every 3 hours by default. Use the `'check_updates_duration'` to change this.

Sick of spam messages from the in-game system asking you to reload your weapon, or telling you how thirsty you are? Good news! UndeadPandemic now shows messages in the hotbar for system messages such as weapon reloads and thirst alert messages (not an exhaustive list).

A minor update to the weapons system has been included. UndeadPandemic weapons will now take some time to reload.

Fixed error caused by QualityArmory not existing.

Fixed error caused by NullPointerException on EntityDeathEvent.

Fixed bug where blacklisted worlds were not being blacklisted.

Added multilingual support (English, Dutch, and German). Translated using Google Translate, so please forgive any errors and update as needed.

The `undeadpandemic.immune` permission is now afforded to OPs by default.

Added a config option to [prevent the crafting of items](/broken/pages/ZzbO8sHoyp6ti16a468z).

Update to force compatibility with 1.16.x.

{% hint style="warning" %}
Please report any issues/bugs using the issues page.
{% endhint %}
