# v2.6.0

_**== Feature Update ==**_

**Please consider this a **_**BETA**_** version**.

This update changed how thirst is displayed. Thirst will now appear as a blue boss bar. The effects of thirst remain the same.

Changes to include:

* This update changed how thirst is displayed. Thirst will now appear as a blue boss bar. The mechanics of thirst remain the same.
  * After the update, players will notice that their XP levels have been reset to 10, and they will have a BossBar called 'Thirst'.
  * `config.yml` <mark style="color:red;">must</mark> be updated to the new default file structure for thirst to work.
  * The thirst boss bar may be buggy when logging in for the first time and after reboots. This can usually be fixed by disconnecting and logging in again.
* Added config.yml option for `dehydration_qty`. Thirst will drop by this percentage every so often - as dictated by the `dehydration_rate` setting. This is set to 10 by default.
* Added config.yml option for `show_zombie_name`. When set to false custom zombies will no longer display their nameplate.
* Added a config.yml option for `headshot_kill`. When set to `true` mobs will be killed instantly with a head shot.
* Head shots have been tweaked to make head shots more accurate.
* Added a config.yml option for torch `duration`. This is the duration (in seconds) that an area will remain light per unit of battery. Each use of the torch can last between 1 second and 90 seconds.
* Added specific permission to use zombie guts. Guts will no longer work without the `undeadpandemic.guts.use` permission. This permission is included under the global `undeadpandemic.*` permission.
* Disabled zombie guts mechanics. The guts are incredibly buggy and I honestly can't get them to work consistently, so to prevent further delays in releasing an update I've disabled them until I can get them working.
* Fixed IndexOutOfBounds error on command auto complete function.
* Added a config.yml option for `enable_custom_zombies` in the `zombie_types` section. This option will enable or disable custom zombies.
* Modified default config.yml values for custom zombies spawn rates to prevent overloading server.
* Added config.yml option for `force_headshot`. This is set to `true` by default and prevents zombies dying unless they're hit in the head.
* Introduced docs for a future premium version.
* Added infection to Rotten Flesh. Eating Rotten Flesh will infect the player.
* Removed limitation of the AK-47. It was previously impossible to get a head shot using the AK-47, this is no longer the case.
* Added French translation by Lucachinou.
* Added 1.17+ mobs to default `disable_mobs` list in `config.yml`.
* Added option to allow custom zombies to break doors.
* Added option to disable baby zombies.
