---
description: Build.153
---

# v2.6.1

_**== Bug Fixes & Minor Updates ==**_

{% hint style="danger" %}
**`config.yml` update required!**
{% endhint %}

Changes to include:

* Added 1.20 compatibility (untested but no foreseen issues).
* Added option to disable vanilla zombies. This will populate your world with only the custom zombies. This will be helpful if vanilla zombies are stronger than you'd like your zombies to be.
* Fixed bug with spawning vanilla zombies.
* Fixed bugs with the `/safezone` command.
* Fixed bugs with the `/undeadpandemic keycard` command.
* Created a new command. `/keycard` will replace `/undeadpandemic keycard`. The rest of the command structure is unchanged.
* Cleaned up code:
  * Restructured commands
* Added `allow_vanilla_zombies` option to config. This will prevent vanilla zombies spawning. This will be overridden if both `allow_vanilla_zombies` and `enable_custom_zombies` are both set to `false`.
* <mark style="color:red;">!!</mark> Removed all non-zombie type settings from `zombie_types`. This change is critical.
* Fixed thirst bossbar bug.
* Weapons systems were updated. You can only damage zombies using valid weapons, which are UndeadPandemic guns, swords, axes, bows (inc. crossbows), and tridents. You can still kill zombies using weapons from other plugins. Global support is being developed. Code was made more efficient.
* <mark style="color:orange;">!!</mark> Added a thirst placeholder.
* Added partial support for WeaponMechanics weapons (there are known issues with WM not killing zombies).
* Added partial support for CrackShot weapons.
* Added partial support for QualityArmory weapons.
* Reduced head shot sensitivity (this will remove need te be at the same eye height as the victim).
* <mark style="color:red;">!!</mark> Updated first aid kit `config.yml` structure.
* Added new messages in the language files (updated language files are available [here](broken-reference)).
  * `sent_torch: 'You have sent a torch to {player}!'`
  * `sent_torch_err: 'There was a problem delivering the torch.'`
  * `received_torch: 'You have received a torch from {player}'`
* Added new permission: `undeadpandemic.items.use`
  * This permission allows players to use items such as torches.
* Added documentation pages for the [Torch](../../items/torch.md) item (finally).

{% hint style="warning" %}
<mark style="color:orange;">!!</mark> Download the [PAPI Expansion](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/undeadpandemic-papi-expansion.97079/)
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="danger" %}
**`config.yml` Change**

Replace this

{% code overflow="wrap" %}
```yaml
# HEALTH SETTINGS

adrenaline:
  name: 'Adrenaline'
  lore: 'Temporarily Cure an Infection'
  material: MUSIC_DISC_MALL # Changing the material will require an updated resource pack
  data: 123456

antibiotics:
  name: 'Antibiotics'
  lore: 'Cure an Infection'
  material: MUSIC_DISC_MELLOHI
  data: 123456

bandage:
  name: 'Bandage'
  lore: 'Heal Infection Wound'
  material: MUSIC_DISC_STAL
  data: 123456
  
first_aid_kit:
  name: '&4First Aid Kit'
  lore: '&f&oAn emergency first aid kit!'
  data: 2
```
{% endcode %}

with this

{% code overflow="wrap" fullWidth="false" %}
```yaml
# HEALTH SETTINGS

health:

  items:
    adrenaline:
      name: 'Adrenaline'
      lore: 'Temporarily Cure an Infection'
      material: MUSIC_DISC_MALL # Changing the material will require an updated resource pack
      data: 123456

    antibiotics:
      name: 'Antibiotics'
      lore: 'Cure an Infection'
      material: MUSIC_DISC_MELLOHI
      data: 123456

    bandage:
      name: 'Bandage'
      lore: 'Heal Infection Wound'
      material: MUSIC_DISC_STAL
      data: 123456
  
    first_aid_kit:
      ### Player is given a chest with one of all 3 items contained inside
      name: '&4First Aid Kit'
      lore: '&f&oAn emergency first aid kit!'
      data: 2
```
{% endcode %}
{% endhint %}
