---
description: Build.272
---

# v2.7.15

**== Bug Fixes ==**

Changes include:

{% hint style="danger" %}
The `config.yml` file has been updated. Zombie settings now has its own section. Older config files will be unaffected in this version, but will no longer work in future versions.

There's a new items section which now envelopes keycards, torches, and batteries. This change is a breaking change.
{% endhint %}

* Replaced 'Safe Zone' text with 'Camp'.
  * Updated language file and camp command.
* Fixed `/camp build` command error.
* Fixed `PlayerInteractEvent` error when interacting with water cauldrons.
* Added `enable` option to `rewards` section in `config.yml`. This option will now determine if players receive rewards when killing zombies. This is set to `true` by default.
* Fixed issue preventing milk from curing buffers.
* Added , Portuguese (`pt`), Spanish (`es`), and Chinses (`zh`) translations.
* Added `disable_bossbar` option to the `thirst` section of `config.yml`. Setting this to `true` will prevent the thirst bossbar from loading when a player rejoins. If the boss bar is still visible then use the `/bossbar remove` command.
* Fixed unhandled command error.
* Fixed error causing `drop_exp` not to work. Updated system to detect entity death instead of forcing player XP to 0.
* Created a join protection feature to protect new players from infection for a set amount of time. The default is 3 minutes. Join protection relies on having a perms plugin. It won't work without one of the following plugins:
  * LuckPerms
  * PermissionsEx
* Added analgesics (pain relief).
  * Paracetamol - Gives regeneration effect for 1 minute with a slow recovery rate.
  * Codeine - Give regeneration effect for 2 minutes with a faster recovery rate.
  * Added x16 Paracetamol to the first aid kit.
  * Added x8 Codeine to the first aid kit.
  * Created commands to get analgesics.
  * Updated config file.
* Fixed bug that prevented antibiotics curing infection symptoms.
* Tidied up the code to speed things up.
* Update zombie spawn rate. Zombies should only spawn as often as requested, but this is untested due to the requirement for a stress test.
* Added config option to protect villagers from being attacked by zombies.
* Batteries have been implemented. Players can right-click on a torch in their inventory with batteries to extend the battery life. Battery life is not accumulative, this means that the life on the new battery will replace the life on the old battery.
* Fixed `disable_in_worlds` default empty list error in `config.yml`.
* Fixed bug that stopped torch from working.
