---
description: Build.349.BETA
---

# 👑 v3.0.0

### **== Re-Release ==**

After a year of work re-building this plugin it's a pleasure to annouce that the following features have been improved or introduced!

{% hint style="info" %}
👑 Don't worry about the premium crown icon up there, this version is <mark style="color:yellow;">**free**</mark> with the _option_ of upgrading!
{% endhint %}

#### 1. <mark style="color:red;">Customisable Zombies</mark>

Highly customisable zombies are the core of this apocalyptic plugin. As ever you can customise the following attributes:

* Name
* Health
* Speed
* Strength
* Whether or not the zombie can break doors.
* Full armour.
* Weapon

&#x20;       There are 4 types of zombies waiting for you:

* Slow
* Strong
* Stupid
* Vanilla



* Zombies can drop various items. We can't list what items they drop because... you decide! We've created a couple of items to start you off, but go nuts with what you want them to drop!

***

#### 2. <mark style="color:red;">Zombie Guts</mark>

Yes! It's back!

We've worked really hard to get this back because it's a feature that we loved but couldn't quite get right last time round. We've tested it vigorously without issue!

**So what's different this time?**

How guts works is slightly different this time. Instead of wearing guts as a chestplate, you instead cover your chest place in guts. The timer is still the same. You'll be given a random amount of time to make use of the guts.

This time, however, there are three new things.

1. Guts wash off in rain and water.
2. While the guts will make you all but invisible to zombies, the side effect is that you'll move slower than normal.
3. It's premium - sorry, not sorry guys. This was hard work!

***

#### 3. <mark style="color:green;">Zombie Kills & Rewards</mark>

So same old. There's not much different here. The core tenant of a zombie apocalypse - kill zombies.

The difference this time is that premium users can choose whether zombies die _only_ with a headshot! Otherwise, zombies will die by bashing them repeatedly.

There's a damage multiplier this time, which reduces the impact of damage to zombies adding a little more difficulty. Again, this is customisable with premium.

You can set up your server to send money or currency items in the `config.yml` file just the previous version.

***

#### 4. <mark style="color:orange;">Animal Drops</mark>

This one has been someone simplified in terms of configuration.

If `animal-drops` is enabled then the `drop-chance` will determine how likely it is that you will get [Rotten Flesh](../../items/rotten-flesh.md) instead of proper meat.

You can also customise the name of the drops, as well as which animals will drop rotten flesh.

***

#### 5. <mark style="color:blue;">Thirst System</mark>

The good, old thirst system. One of our favourite features.

It's more or less the same as last time, except - hopefully - no bugs causing the boss bar to linger. But if the boss bar does linger, you can just disable the boss bar and use the placeholder instead.

Placeholders are now baked into the plugin so no need to download the PAPI expansion!

The thirst system is slightly more customisable now. You can more control over what items count to replenish thirst, as well as what buffers are used when players become dehydrated.

You can set a maximum thirst level, as well as set the level at which players are warned about their thirst, and at what level the buffers take effect.

The biggest change is that the rate of dehydration is now a premium configuration. So while players will still become thirsty, those using the free version will have a fixed rate of dehydration.

***

#### 6. <mark style="color:blue;">Tainted Water</mark>

Same old, again, with this one. The code has been improved to make the plugin quicker and more efficient, but the mechanics haven't changed.

When you collect water there is a _customisable_ chance that it will be tained ("Dirty Water"). You will need to boil the water in a cauldron over a heat source to boil and purify the water before being able to collect "Clean Water".

You can customise which items count as heat sources. By default they are:

* Magma Blocks
* Camp Fires
* Lava

***

#### 7. <mark style="color:green;">Custom Items</mark>

You'll be familiar with custom items as they were a feature from the start.

You get to deliver medical treatment to yourself or others by using or distributing medical supplies. If you're lucky you'll find a first aid kit or two.

It's the same old players:

* Adrenaline
  * Only intended to give you a short boost to help you survive. You'll get max health and a damage resistance buffer for a very short time.
* Analgesia (previously separated into Paracetamol and Codeine, but now more generic).
  * Cures pain and removes painful buffers.
* Antibiotics (same as before).
  * Cures poisonous buffers.
* Bandages
  * Helps heal your injuries through the use of the regeneration buffer.

Now, to welcome to newcomers!

***

### <mark style="color:yellow;">There's more!...</mark>

But it's too much to write here. You can read all about the features right here in our documentation. We've spent countless hours updating the docs just for you so that you can learn everything that you need to know about UndeadPandemic!



### Interested in 👑<mark style="color:yellow;">Premium</mark>👑?

And why wouldn't you be?!

You can get premium for just £4.99GBP (that's roughly $6.46USD).

It's available on the [UndeadPandemic Pandemic Digital Store](https://buymeacoffee.com/stevezr963/e/335067). This link will take you to SteveZR963's BuyMeACoffee Shop.

Just pop in your in-game name (IGN) and Spigot or Discord user and SteveZR963 will get in touch to give you your credentials.
