---
description: Build.396.BETA
---

# 👑 v3.0.3

### Bug Fixes

* Changed inventory click on zombie guts to drag and drop or on click.
* Updated zombie guts to make the lore more immersive.
* Change how zombie guts handles the timer to make it more efficient.
* Fixed zombie guts so that they should work as intended.
* Fixed issue where cauldrons don't fill in rain.
* Improved cauldron detection when raining.
* Made cauldron filling in rain more efficient.
* Fixed zombie kill count so that headshots will now count towards total kills.
* Zombie guts are now applied by dragging and dropping on a chestplate.
* Added 10 new lines to language files for plate and guts status messages (making zombie guts gameplay more immersive). \*[Manual update may be required](../../languages/using-translations/)\*
* Updated permission manager to make it more consistent.
* Added the `disable-drops` setting to the `zombies` section. `disable-drops` will prevent zombies from dropping **any** items, <mark style="color:yellow;">**except**</mark>, zombie guts. <mark style="color:blue;">(Requested by iOrchid)</mark>
* Fixed blacklisting issue which allowed zombies to spawn during daytime in blacklisted (or non-whitelisted) worlds.
* Fixed issue with day spawning zombies only ever returning a single zombie type.
* Updated Blood Moon event (the changes on this one are a secret 🤫)
* Disabled custom zombie natural spawns due to unresolved issues. Custom zombies will appear during the day, however.
* Updated campfires so that they don't get doused if they are covered by a block up to 16 blocks above it, instead of just covered directly above it.
* Added config sections `camps.campfires` and `camps.cauldrons` to make campfires and cauldrons configurable when raining.
  * Added `interval` and `delay` options in both. These options only work for premium as rain does not have any effect in the free version. When `delay` is `false` then updates will be instant, otherwise updates will happen at the rate in seconds set by the `interval`.
  * Added `campfires.douse-in-rain` and `cauldrons.fill-in-rain` options.

